Aspose.DNN/Aspose.DotNetNuke.Template/Visual Studio 2013/VSIX/CSharp-Theme-Template/README.md, before:

$safeprojectname$
==========

Description
-----------
A DNN Theme built using Aspose's DNN Module and Skin Development Templates, based on the HammerFlex skin/theme for DNN.

Installation and Customization
------------------------------
You install this DNN Skin like any other DNN extension from the Host/Extensions page (do not install via Admin/Extensions), for production use download the INSTALL package from the releases page. For development you can either Fork the project here on GitHub, or you can download the source package. Install the SOURCE package into your development environment. The skin is designed for use in a local development environment at http://dnndev.me/ 

* Introduction Blog Post on the $safeprojectname$ Skin http://www.chrishammond.com/blog/itemid/2644/introducing-$safeprojectname$-a-new-open-source-skin-for.aspx
* Blog discussing the Layouts available in the $safeprojectname$ Skin http://www.chrishammond.com/blog/itemid/2647/the-layouts-of-the-$safeprojectname$-open-source-skin-for.aspx
* How to use the Carousel in $safeprojectname$ http://www.chrishammond.com/blog/itemid/2645/using-the-bootstrap-carousel-in-the-dnn-$safeprojectname$.aspx

Commit message:

Updated DNN Module Development Template (CRs)

Aspose.DNN/Aspose.DotNetNuke.Template/Visual Studio 2013/VSIX/CSharp-Theme-Template/README.md, after:

$safeprojectname$
==========

Description
-----------
A DNN Theme built using Aspose's DNN Module and Skin Development Templates, based on the HammerFlex skin/theme for DNN.

Installation and Customization
------------------------------
You install this DNN Skin like any other DNN extension from the Host/Extensions page (do not install via Admin/Extensions), for production use download the INSTALL package from the releases page. For development you can either Fork the project here on GitHub, or you can download the source package. Install the SOURCE package into your development environment. The skin is designed for use in a local development environment at http://dnndev.me/ 

* Introduction Blog Post on the $safeprojectname$ Skin http://www.chrishammond.com/blog/itemid/2644/introducing-$safeprojectname$-a-new-open-source-skin-for.aspx
* Blog discussing the Layouts available in the $safeprojectname$ Skin http://www.chrishammond.com/blog/itemid/2647/the-layouts-of-the-$safeprojectname$-open-source-skin-for.aspx
* How to use the Carousel in $safeprojectname$ http://www.chrishammond.com/blog/itemid/2645/using-the-bootstrap-carousel-in-the-dnn-$safeprojectname$.aspx


Note
----
This is an extended version of Christoc's DotNetNuke Module and Theme Development Template. (http://christoctemplate.codeplex.com)
Copyright under the license http://christoctemplate.codeplex.com/license
